# README for experiments on feature engineering for the janestreet competition on kaggle
__Link to the competition__ : https://www.kaggle.com/c/jane-street-market-prediction/overview
***
***
## All in one testing

### genetic_algo_params.txt
A .csv file using .txt extension to bypass .gitignore exclusion list. It is used to define the different parameters we
want to adjust for the experiments in [feat|few]_testing.py

I have only selected a subset of the possible parameter for the python. Simply put, I chose the ones that seems to offer
the greater impact on the results. For an extensive list of all the possible parameters the command __python -m few.few --help__
can be used.

### few_feat_testing.sh
Launch few and feat experiments based on params defined in genetic_algo_params.txt. Results are save in few_results.txt
feat_results.txt which are generated by the script.
***
***
## Feature Engineering Wrapper (FEW) experiments
__Link to the repository__ : https://lacava.github.io/few/

__Installation__ : pip install few

__Found bug__ : few/variation.py - Line 33 -
Weights can sometime look completely off the chart leading to a division by 0 which assign NaN as weights. This lead to
an exception thrown which complains about NaN being present in the series of probabilities.
This bug was not obvious to find, and it seems rather complicated to investigate where/why it fails, I will not spend more time on it.

Due to the stochastic nature of the algorithm, it might still work by relaunching the experiment.
***
### Compatibility with sklearn
FEW requires scikit-learn==0.19.1 . If you do not want to downgrade your version of sklearn, you can copy the files 
located in few_upgrade/ folder in your site-packages/few/ folder.

__Example__ :
cp ./*.py /home/username/.local/lib/python3.8/site-packages/few
***
### Testing examples
#### few_testing.py
The main python script to run few experiments on the janestreet dataset.

#### split_dataset.py
A somewhat generic script to split a .csv into multiple .csv

It is used to split the janestreet train.csv into smaller 
files.

#### few_sklearn.py
Let us load all the compatible datasets available in sklearn.datasets for the sake of testing how few perform on other 
datasets

#### all_few_sklearn.sh
Launch all the experiments for the compatible datasets available in sklearn and save the results in a file called 
all_sklearn_results.txt

You might want to modify the alias at the beginning of the file.


***
***
## FEAT experiments
__Installation guidelines__ : https://lacava.github.io/feat/install.html 

### feat_testing.py
The main python script to run feat experiments on the janestreet dataset.